read more: More details about the presentation
date: 2008-10-24
categories: presentations, sheldon-porcina, isaac-vanderpuye, tom-opgenorth
summary: Come out on November 5th to hear three local developers talk about their experiences with agile processes.

#  Sheldon Porcina, Isaac Vanderpuye, Tom Opgenorth on Experience Reports

The next Agile Edmonton user group meeting will be on **Wednesday, November 5th at noon**.

#### Presentation Overview

This meeting will follow the "experience report" format and will have local folks presenting for ten minutes each on their experiences implementing Agile methods.

Sheldon Porcina's presentation, Remote Agility, will cover his 2 years on an Agile team as an engineer working remotely.  The focus will be on issues he encountered as a remote contributor and how they were mitigated.

Isaac Vanderpuye will be presenting an experience report detailing the collaboration between QA and Development to develop and enhance the automation test framework using the pair-programming methodology.

Finally, Tom Opgenorth will be talking about an unnamed topic.  However, he will be at [KaizenConf](http://www.kaizenconf.com/) just before the meeting so I'm sure that his talk will be heavily influenced by that conference.

---

This meeting will be held in the [IBM Innovation Center at 10044-108th Street](http://maps.google.ca/maps?hl=en&safe=off&q=10044-108th+Street,edmonton,ab&ie=UTF8&hq=&hnear=10044+108+St+NW,+Edmonton,+Division+No.+11,+Alberta+T5J+3S7&gl=ca&ei=cJ9ZTLmPKNntnQev7_mxCQ&ved=0CBUQ8gEwAA&t=h&z=16). You can find more event information on our website at [agileedmonton.org](http://agileedmonton.org).

If possible, try to show up a bit before noon so that we can get started on time. Be sure to forward this information to anybody that would be interested.

